Yancheng real estate tycoon Wang's Group came to congratulate
Yancheng medical tycoon Chen's Group came to congratulate
Catering tycoon Zhang's Group came to congratulate
Madam Qin
This is the project proposal of our Wang Group.
Please be sure to cooperate with our Wang Group.
Madam, this is my congratulatory gift from Zhang
Hope you like it.
Madam, there is a female Marquis in your family
Please take care of me in the future.
It should be hahaha
Everyone, eat and drink well
You are busy first
Qianjiao, our neighbor is doing a good job
This parasitic first-line rich family is just around the corner
Auntie, don't worry.
Look at who are here today
Those are the richest people in the world
Ye Longyuan
Ye Longyuan, this is also a place where you can come
Get the hell out of here
I can participate in this kind of dragon gate banquet
It is the greatest honor of the Longmen Banquet
What qualifications does this neighbor have to come here?
Still so crazy
I don't know.
This neighbor
How can you find such an arrogant trash?
To be a son-in-law
Xie Longyuan, what are you doing here?
Today is Longmen Banquet
It's the glorious day of my Lin family
If you go out and I don't come
This Longmen banquet can't go on
Ye Longyuan, will you die if you don't talk big?
What does it have to do with you that my Lin family has become a wealthy family?
I wanted to get along with you as ordinary people
Since you are like this
Then I don't have to end it with you.